# August 10
Well it finally happened. After a couple months of visa delay, I have finally arrived in Japan. Honestly, I feel like I should be happier, but the last few months silently drained me mentally. Believe me, it was great to sleep at 3am, and wake up at 11am everyday, and spend time goofing off with friends. But to spend each of those days wondering "will I ever make it to Japan?", it was draining. I softly always was angry at the delay, but I never chose to outlet that vent in any way, and it kind of just blew up on me a couple weeks ago. Mental drain can lead to physical symptoms people. Cut off that low-hanging stress that you have while you notice it. Don't let it pack up into a giant ball of worry that explodes at the worst time.

Anyways, let's talk about the real meat. I landed in Japan on August 9 at around 3pm, got my residency card and everything at Haneda which took an hour or so I'm not really sure. Took 3 different trains to my Airbnb and man it was a god damn hassle. I told myself that I would "tough it out" and make it to the Airbnb without eating and that was a horrible decision. Coupled with the heat and lack of quality sleep, when I finally got to the Airbnb I was drained like a dried plum. Funny enough my passcode to the room didn't work, though luckily the host opened it for me remotely and fixed the passcode. All in that time however, I was on the brink of what felt like extinction. Physical exhaustion that was pushed to the point of no appetite (which by the way, I had already had a low appetite from the aforementioned anecdote), alongside all the other situation-shock I had (_this_ was my going to be my life for the next 5 months). But yeah, the brain is fickle in that you always want to focus on the worst case possible alongside ignoring all the good things that happened on the way, downplaying everything you've worked for. Don't do that. Focus more on the good things, and the bad things will become tiny, rare, and almost obsolete grains of sand in your world that is a beachside.

Maybe this diary will become a good way of outletting. It's like the #vent-in-here-dudes channel my friends and I have, but this feels a bit more personal in the way I outlet.

Oh yeah August 10th (below) was spent in strong sun, with an average temperature of 35c that FELT LIKE 39c? 

Okay. Not everything was bad. Hardships are expected and they only exist to get you to your goals and aspirations. I spent August 10 (today) with a couple goals in mind: one was to just relax and go shopping which was something I was telling myself I would "save for Japan". Second was to get a physical IC card that wasn't this damned Welcome Suica. Third was to get physical comiket wristbands. I couldn't fulfill the second because there's a chip shortage and thus train companies have phased out giving out physical IC cards (but apparently welcome Suicas are fine??? :angry:). As for shopping, I got a Pokemon GO Plus which was cool. It's weird how it works because it's always vibrating but it is what it is. I also got a looooot of clothes from Uniqlo. A dress shirt, white and light jeans, shorts, and a 780 yen Oshi no Ko shirt, all for like $60 CAD. Just the jeans in Canada would be like $100 (maybe not the Uniqlo ones specifically but you know). As for the comiket wristbands, I started the day by going to the busiest Animate I've ever seen. Why are people lined up shoulder to shoulder to enter an Animate at 10am on a Saturday. It's like it's goddamned Heartland wingstop. Okay funny because I was one of those people lined up at 10am at Animate but whatever!! Went in, checked a bit and saw a sign saying "all C104 [comiket 104] items are sold out". Sad. Didn't think I would be able to find it considering the convention was the very next day :(. I went to Melonbooks and they had it lol. Only afternoon for day1 but I only care about day2 anyways (so I bought the morning one for day2). Honestly, I'm going to skip day1 after some thought. Sure, I lose 440 yen :'(, but I really really really don't want to succumb to heat exhaustion, and seeing how the past 2 (or 1.5) days have been, I might be on the way to it. Gonna spend August 11th just resting at home and checking out whatever is near my Airbnb (it seems a second-hand shop is nearby :eyes:). I'm also aiming to snack a bunch in lieu of calories in my real meals. Or honestly, I might aim to eat more frequent, smaller meals, but I'm lazy right now so I'm not sure... No shame in spending a day just resting. It's not like my wallet can handle shopping everyday anyways.

Good things that happened:
- Great sleep. No seriously I slept good until the sun woke me up at like 6am, but I'd slept at 9pm the day earlier so it works out.
- Konbini worker at 7-11 said my Japanese was good after I struggled a bit when she said something to me. Heartwarming and it really made my day
- Teishoku worker was the sweetest old lady ever. She guided me through a conversation with my broken Japanese, and we made some small talk! I thought Japanese people hated that stuff but it seems the experienced, mature citizens are the greatest. Also really made my day

Hopefully people aren't annoyed that I'm spamming them with messages or images or whatever it may be. It's my current way of outletting stress which is all just pinpointed at my physical health right now. It's gonna much better these past few days, but now I'm justifiably worried about heat exhaustion. I've spent the past few months inside with air conditioning, with pretty much no exercise or physical activity. Let's ease into it shall we?

As for the rest of my day (it's currently 8pm!) I think I'm going to start some seasonal animes (a taboo for me) and slowly unwind and get some good sleep. Let's hope for a successful comiket for me on Monday. Just praying I don't have to sit in the sun forever. Then it's my first day *at* work on August 13th plus signing my apartment August 14th. Move-in to my apartment is August 18th, which I'm 100% using a taxi for.

Til' the next one (if I don't update this again then hopefully I've settled in so nicely that Japan is a second home to me).
